# donut-makefile
hello! So this is donut.c but WITH A MAKEFILE! Basically instead of finding commands to compile ur just using a makefile! So u need cygwin from https://cygwin.com/install.html and download ur windows version! Download it from the internet and do a direct connection do the first download site and make sure u have the install setting set to "Full" Not pending or anything else. And search up "make" and gcc-core and g++ MAKE SURE U CHOOSE MAKE, GCC-CORE AND G++ (g++ might say gcc-core-g++ or something like that download that) NOT IMAKE OR ANYTHING ELSE! So now select the arrow (beside make, gcc-core and g++) and make sure its set to install or if there is no install option then choose the version and if there is no version then that means u have not installed the setup correctly. Now when u install make, gcc and g++ click next next again and it is going to install. Then download this project, now you have to do the following: Press WINKEY + R at the desktop, and type "cmd". Navagate to the project folder using "cd desktop" and then go to the folder that u downloaded this project in if "cd desktop" does not work then do "cd onedrive/desktop" now when u are in the project folder type "make". And it will show some text (and some warnings dont worry about that). Now the final step. Type "donut.exe" if ur on linux then type "./donut.exe" also if ur on linux u dont have to install cygwin. Ok have fun with the project! (btw I didnt make this donut.c file I made the makefile and the readme.md)
